the new wave also modules still to
display of the long the godoy action points quick decision
upgrade option [Applause]
europe is looking to encourage state trains
the story involves the examples of good
boy
the streaming life to the protest or if in the coming days
[Applause] since you still did some technique 16 o ac
milan also says the cash flow took three goals from john adams
the [Music] campaign
a year before
wow about the video but these projects are from dow jones
[Music]
and it is important that it is the forest as if it were an ice cream
I am part of funk goes up to 137 this explained the mother on the corner hungry that has
his fate is not a crime then stores work in front
this champion of the league through sãp paulo renato also made the news of the
world in the year the dollar closed the game form and
ufmt alms or the worst on the field and not in the worst of the year
teradata [Music]